update otel readme files (#3978)
getsentry/sentry-java: sentry-opentelemetry/README.md

Contains `SentrySpanProcessor` and `SentryPropagator` which are used by our Java Agent but can also
be used when manually instrumenting using OpenTelemetry. If you want to use OpenTelemetry without
the agent but still want some configuration convenience, you should rather use the
`sentry-opentelemetry-agentless` module or the `sentry-opentelemetry-agentless-spring` module if you are using Spring Boot.

### `sentry-opentelemetry-agentless`
Combines all modules and dependencies needed to use Sentry with OpenTelemetry without the agent.

### `sentry-opentelemetry-agentless-spring`

> Combines all modules and dependencies needed to use Sentry with OpenTelemetry in SpringBoot without an agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Combines all modules and dependencies needed to use Sentry with OpenTelemetry in Spring Boot without an agent.
```

## Running without an Agent

> If you want to use Sentry with OpenTelemetry without an agent, you can do so by adding the `sentry-opentelemetry-agentless` module as dependencies to your project. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use Sentry with OpenTelemetry without an agent, you can do so by adding the `sentry-opentelemetry-agentless` (or `sentry-opentelemetry-agentless-spring`) module as dependency to your project. 
```

And run your application with the following JVM arguments:
```
-Dotel.java.global-autoconfigure.enabled=true
```

> You may also want to set the following environment variables to if you do not use OTEL exporters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also want to set the following environment variables to if you do not use OpenTelemetry exporters:
```
